I like to build, I like to write code,
I also like to sell.
So basically I'm an entrepreneur.
My name is Shai Magzimof,
I'm the CEO of Phantom Auto,
and I built Phantom Auto to provide a teleoperation service for driverless cars.
Because I have three things that I love in my life,
which is games, communication, and cars.
Really what bothered me was transportation.
We all have this problem of commuting.
I thought that self-driving cars really solve the problem and my passion to cars,
communication, and gaming, it just clicked to me.
What happened basically as I was sitting in this simulation of racing cars,
with your VR headsets.
I realized, wait a second,
what if you can drive your real car from a virtual headset?
So you have a steering wheel and
pedals and if you move the steering wheel, you're moving the car.
What could that be used for and that's where we came with the idea of
supporting autonomous vehicles and assisting when they need help.
So this is the remote operator console,
is the way we control the car remotely over cellular signals.
As you can see, I can have three screen showing me
180 degrees and I have a view of the interior to see the passengers and talk to them.
All right. Good to go.
So to take control of the car,
I can turn on drive-by wire and once the car is on,
you can see that any movement I put in to
the steering wheel translates into movement in the car.
Then Shai, since he's driving around hands-free,
can take the time to send texts or email or
whatever and be productive member of society instead of sitting in his commute.
You can see that Ben is moving the steering wheel,
the remote operator in real time.
He also have a map with our GPS locations, so we can navigate.
As I'm building a service,
I hope to work with all the big companies that build these cars.
Therefore Udacity was a great way to just jump
into this industry and learn the basics of how everything works and then write some code.
So I actually practice it and see the challenges.
Then right away start my own startup around it.
Self-driving cars are really for me it's the next big thing.